David?
Oh, man.
You're not gonna, like, read me
a poem or something, are you?
DAVID: Darlene, help me.
What are you doing here?
It's, like, 2:00 in the morning.
I've gotta talk to you.
Is that what you sleep in?
Well, my pasties and
g-string are in the wash.
All right, look.
I have something to say to
you, and it's really important
that you don't interrupt me.
Wait, let me guess.
Darlene, you just
don't understand.
It's different for boys.
It's got to be now,
I tell you, now.
My parents are
getting divorced.
[sigh] My dad left this
morning with Lisa and Nicki.
Mom wants us to move
back to Michigan.
I don't want to leave you.
So I think you and me
should go to New York now.
I mean, if this is
too much of a rush,
I can come back in
a couple of hours.
Whoa, David, we
can't just leave.
Hey, you're the one who
wanted to get out of Lanford.
Well, that was after
we got into art school.
- What's the difference?
- You're right.
What was I thinking?
We'll just show up to a New
York bus station with no money.
Darlene, you hate it here.
Give me one good
reason not to run away.
Well, it'd make it a lot
harder to look down on Becky.
At least she had the guts
to go off with my brother.
You obviously don't
give a damn about me.
(SARCASTICALLY) Ooh, I hope
you don't double-dog-dare me.
Then, I'll have to go.
Fine.
I'll go to New York myself.
I can't live with my mother,
not without my father there.
What, so that's it?
You're just leaving?
What do you care?
Hey, I care!
No, you don't.
Of course I do.
I love you.
Jerk.
Really?
Are you sure?
Yeah, I'm sure you're a jerk.
No I mean, not--
wow.
Why didn't you
ever say it before?
Hoping it'd pass.
So then, are we going or what?
Wait a minute, David.
This is, like, a big commitment.
I mean, you're talking
about living together.
We haven't even
slept together yet.
Well.
[theme music]
Hey, can I talk to you?
Sure.
I'll try anything once.
Uh, well, never mind.
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
what am I missing here?
Oh, it's no big deal.
We'll talk about it later.
If you can talk about
it with your mother,
you can talk about it with me.
OK.
I need more tampons.
What do you think?
I don't think that's it.
All right.
Well, if I was going to ask
you for something really big,
you'd want me to just, like,
come out and say it, right?
Well, I don't know.
If you're going to
ask for something big,
I might want to
see a dance first.
Well, David's parents
are getting divorced,
and he's supposed to move
to Michigan with his mom.
And I was wondering,
can he move in with us?
Darlene, if we're going
to say no to something big,
you'd want us to come right
out and say it, right?
Why not?
I mean, he could
sleep on the couch,
you know, get a
job and pitch in.
And he wasn't
raised by you guys,
so he's real well-behaved.
I'm sorry, Darlene.
The answer is no.
You don't know how
much this means to me.
I mean, David's the reason I
came out of my mood last year
and stopped being so difficult.
You stopped being difficult?
Well, why didn't you tell us?
We would've had a party.
All right.
But I'm a lot better than I was.
And I mean, we're not
sleeping together,
so you don't have
to worry about that.
It's just that I love him.
Stop looking at me.
The fact that I'm sharing
my feelings with you when
I'd rather gouge
my eyes out should
prove that I'm being sincere.
Well, what does David's
mother think of this?
Mrs. Healy's for it.
She's going to have a hard
enough time supporting herself.
She also wants him to finish
high school with his friends.
OK, Darlene.
You've made your point.
Now, me and your dad
will discuss this.
All right.
I just want to say that I know
that this is the sort of thing
that typical parents
would object to.
I've always thought
you guys were
cooler than typical parents.
No, seriously.
Thank you.
God bless you.
How long should we pretend to
discuss this before we go out
and tell her no?
You've got to admire
her technique, though--
that stuff with telling us how
cool we are and everything.
And that stuff about
sharing her feelings-- man,
that was reminiscent of
the great Becky Conner.
This is her first
boyfriend, Rose.
It's going to be really rough.
I know that, Dan, but gee,
we can't fix everything.
It would be nice to
fix one thing once.
We just can't afford it.
Besides, you never
know about kids.
What if he starts demanding
things, like food?
I can't believe his
mother is OK with this.
I mean, do you think
she's cooler than us?
Of course she's OK.
She's got the boy.
It's the girl's parents
who do all the suffering.
Well, I just cannot stand the
idea that in a couple of years,
DJ will be out there,
making some other
parent's life a living hell.
Yeah.
[laughter]
- Hi.
- Hey.
How was work?
All right.
We really nailed Mom.
Cool.
Did she cry?
There's this guy.
See, he's 70 or 80,
comes in every day.
He orders the same thing.
He never leaves a tip.
So today, Roseanne wrote a note
to him from "Mom," that says,
"I want your body."
Not my Rosie.
That's crazy talk!
So this time,
when the guy leaves,
he leaves Mom this huge tip.
And on the way out, she
says, please come again.
And he says, sure
thing, sweet cheeks,
and slaps her on the butt.
It was a hoot!
[laughter]
Good ol' Bev!
ROSEANNE: Hey!
- Hey!
How are you doing?
- Pretty good.
The greatest thing in the
world happened with Mom today.
Oh, boy.
Oh, yeah?
What happened?
Well, there's this old
guy that comes in every day,
you know.
And he always orders the
same thing and he never, ever
leaves a tip.
Oh, man, is he asking for it.
So I wrote him this
note today from Mom
that says, I want your body.
Ha!
I can't wait to hear the end!
Jackie already
told you, didn't she?
Yeah, but I never
really understood--
(YELLING) Jackie!
Why, you told Dan my day again!
One good thing happens,
and you have to come
over and tell him before I can!
It's my day, too, you know!
That doesn't matter!
He's my husband!
I have been married
to him for 19 years!
It is hard enough to think
of something to say to him!
Well, what am I supposed
to talk to people about?
We're together every
minute of the day!
We have the same damn wife!
[stomping loudly]
Maybe this is a bad time.
Nah, it's always like this.
Hey, David.
Why don't you guys sit down?
We'll talk for a couple minutes.
OK.
Well, David, you know,
Dan and I really like you.
We like you a lot more than
we like your brother, Mark.
Probably than we
even like Darlene.
But there's just no
way we can do this.
This totally sucks.
It's all right.
I mean, you know, we totally
feel for your situation,
but it's just, we don't
let anybody grow up here
unless we're forced to by law.
Don't worry about it.
I have to go.
- Now, wait a minute.
This isn't over.
I'm really sorry, David.
I'll talk to you
later, Darlene.
Thank you for thinking
about it, Mrs. Conner.
Bye-bye.
You've no idea
what you've done.
You don't think I know?
What are the odds
of you bringing home
another boy I'm going to like?
Don't you care that I'm
never going to see him again?
Oh, it's only a
couple of years.
Michigan's not that far away.
He's not going to Michigan.
He's running away.
Oh, he's not that stupid.
Yeah, he is.
You have no idea
how stupid he is.
[doorbell buzzing]
Coming!
Uh, Barbara Healy?
Yeah?
Yeah, I'm Roseanne Conner.
You know, a couple of
our kids are married,
a couple of our kids are dating.
Hi.
Right.
Darlene's not here.
Yeah, I know.
But I was at the grocery
store around the corner,
and I knew where you guys lived.
And I thought I
should come over,
because I want to talk to you.
Sure, what the hell?
Well, maybe we would
have met at Becky
and Mark's wedding if either
one of us had been invited.
Yeah, well, maybe we'll
both be there for the divorce.
Well, that'd be nice.
Uh, listen.
I want to talk to you
about David, you know.
I think he might be
getting ready to run away.
What, are you kidding me?
No, and I feel really
responsible, too,
because I know that you wanted
Dan and me to take him in.
Take him in?
I wanted you to take him in?
What the hell are
you talking about?
David!
Oh, man, you didn't even know
anything about this, did you?
Mrs. Conner.
What is all this crap
about you running away?
And who said it was OK with me
for you to move into her house?
And don't lie to me!
Oh, I'm not running away.
Moving into her house
was just an idea.
We didn't think it
would hurt to ask.
So you're going to abandon
me, just like your father did?
Mrs. Conner, could you
leave us alone, please?
No.
I want her to stay here
so you can tell her
you're sorry for being such
a pathetic little liar.
Hey, I don't mean to interfere
here, but you know, the kids--
they just took a shot
at staying together.
It's not like it's the
worst thing in the world.
Oh, you don't think so?
No, it's not even the worst
thing Darlene's done today.
Listen to me.
I don't want you
butting in, telling me
how to raise my kids.
Take a look at the two
little whores you raised.
Oh.
I'm in this now.
You know, if your
kid wasn't here,
I would take the
opportunity to remind you
that people who live
in glass whore houses
shouldn't throw stones.
It's people like you that
give white trash a bad name.
Mom, please just stop.
It's over, OK?
I'm not going anywhere.
I promise.
You think you could
live without me?
You think you can
survive for two minutes
out there in that world unless
I was taking care of you?
You are worthless!
You are a worthless
little bastard!
OK.
I'm changing my mind.
David, you can come live
with us if you want.
Are you trying
to steal my kid?
This has nothing to do
with stealing anything.
Whether he runs away or
comes and lives at my place,
he is not going to
stay here with you.
That's not true.
Is it, honey?
I want to live with them.
Look, you know that I don't
mean it when I do this, baby.
I just-- I'm going through
a tough time now, OK?
I won't talk like that again.
I'll never say it again.
Don't you love me?
I can't keep doing this.
(YELLING) Get out now!
(SCREAMING) Now!
Come on, David.
We'll get your stuff later.
Let's go home.
Well, it's a boy.
You're moving in?
How did this happen?
Well, Darlene, it's
a real long story.
But you both got
what you wanted, so
welcome to our family, David.
You're both grounded.
Thanks, Mom.
Roseanne, uh, can I talk
to you for a second, please?
Why, Jackie, I'd
love to talk to you.
We don't spend nearly
enough time together.
Well, it's been quite a month.
But I'm leaving.
Here are my house keys-- front
door, back door, dead bolt.
Jackie, you've had
those keys for nine years.
It was symbolic.
You know, it's natural to feel
a little jealous when we bring
a new person into the house.
(IN BABY TALK) But you
know, Dan and I-- we
love you just as much as we
ever did, and you know what?
You could be my little helper.
I'm going to start packing.
Until I find an apartment, I
will be at Mom's, which should
tell you how desperate I am.
Hey.
Where have you been?
Well, Dan, I wouldn't
ordinarily do this without you,
but I went and had another kid.
Is David out there?
You mean, Dan Jr.?
It's not funny, Roseanne.
Oh, come on, it's
a little funny.
No, Roseanne.
No, we're not doing this.
You told him he could live here.
You can go back out there and
tell him you made a mistake.
No.
I'm sorry, Dan, but
I can't do that.
Oh, so now, the kids
get whatever they want?
Becky gets married, David
moves in with Darlene.
Hey, why don't we let DJ
go on that all-sugar diet
he's been pushing?
Well, I didn't
do it for Darlene.
She's the last person
I want to make happy.
I did it for David.
I couldn't leave him there.
That's what you
said when we found
that lost puppy in the highway.
I don't want this to
wind up like that.
I don't want to have
to put David to sleep.
I saw what David
lives with, and I
just couldn't leave him there.
He deserves to move in
with a stable family.
Gee, can I come, too?
You don't understand, Dan.
His mother is really messed up.
That doesn't make the
kid our responsibility.
No, I don't mean messed
up like we're messed up.
I mean, bad.
Really really, really
incredibly bad.
I grew up in a house like that.
That bad, huh?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
[sigh]
Well, you know, Dan,
I'll make this up to you.
You're my husband,
and I love you,
and I'm willing to throw
Jackie out for you.
You'd do that for me?
Consider it done.
Oh, look, honey.
Our kids are necking.
So did you guys talk about it?
Yeah.
It's cool.
Thank you, Mr. Conner.
All right.
Well, I guess I'll show you
your room in the basement.
I don't think so.
First of all, there will
be no holding hands.
There will be no
looks across the room.
There will be no touchy-feely,
there will be no hanky-panky,
there will be no
smoochy-woochey.
And there will be none of
that other stuff you're
not supposed to know about.
Can we still date?
If you want, but I
don't see much point.
And David, while you live
here, you'll be home by curfew.
You will keep your room clean.
You will be the child
we've never had.
OK.
That's fair.
These are just
the rules today.
We reserve the right
to change the rules
at any time for your
safety, for your education,
or for our amusement.
That is the price of
living in our kingdom.
Welcome to Roseanna-do.
Mom, is David
gonna live here now?
Yeah, DJ.
Looks that way.
Hey, you, just
because you're older
doesn't mean you get
to boss me around.
It's not how old you
are in this house,
it's who's been here longer.
And I've put in 12 years.
Don't worry right, runt.
David's not going
to boss you around.
If he wants something,
he'll tell me,
and I'll boss you around.
OK, then.
Now, what's for dinner?
Well, in honor of
David's first night here,
I'm going to do something
that I don't ordinarily do.
I'm going to order
the pizza myself.
We always get pizza.
I want hamburgers.
I'm with the lad.
Hamburgers it is.
We're getting pizza, Spock.
Oh, well, David, it looks
like you're the tiebreaker.
Uh, burger's good.
My god, I can feel it.
The hormonal balance in
this house has shifted.
And the men are victorious!
Come, men!
Let us repair to
the living room.
We shall watch "The
Three Stooges,"
and we shall scratch ourselves.
Pizza.
[theme music]
I had a really
great time tonight.
Can we go out again tomorrow?
I don't know.
You may call.
OK.
I love you, Darlene.
I love you, too.
Good night.
Night.